# Portfolio-2024

This is a Portfolio of the programs I've created. All have been tested and do work.

1. Apartments and Apartments Linked Lists are one program. The Linked List allows users to enter information like the Street Address, Apartment Number, Monthly Rent, and number of Bedrooms. It also sorts them based on the rent for each apartment. The Apartments file organizes how to display the information for each apartment and their Address, Number, Rent, and Number of Bedrooms.
2. Paycode_EmployeePay allows the user or employer to enter information relating to paying their employees. The program asks for the Employee ID and then asks for the pay code for said employee. The program is set to 3 paycodes, commission, hourly, and manager. Each allows the user or employer to enter the information that is needed. For example the hourly worker. The information needed is their hourly rate, hours worked, and if they have done overtime and how long. The program will then calculate their gross pay, net pay, and taxes. It will then display ID, gross pay, taxes, and net pay in this order. The program will then ask if you want to enter another employee's ID and start over or ask you to enter the value "-1" to exit. and then it will display how much in taxes the company has paid in the week for all the employees.
3. GradeAverage is a program that allows the user or teacher to enter information for a set number of students that they have in a class. The user will then start entering grades until they enter the phrase "stop". The program will then calculate the average from all the grades and then the same. The program will then display all the grades, all grades below a 70, the highest and lowest grades and then it will ask the user if they want to enter another set of grades by entering a "y" for yes or a "n" for no.
4. 
